Update api.adoc (#64)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: cns/saas/admin_guide/apoctl/api.adoc

=== `+import+` subcommand

The `+import+` subcommand allows you to import object from a file

> exported using the `+export+` subcommand. Note that when importing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exported using the `+export+` subcommand. When importing
```

> the label will be used to determine whether to overwrite the existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the label is used to determine whether to overwrite the existing
```

configuration or to generate new configuration. If the tag does not

> remain consistient it may result in the undesired duplication of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remain consistent, it may result in the undesired duplication of 
```

> configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the configuration.
```
